Soulish review the most powerful way to modify your online store in commercial using sinkhole.
What do whenever you see hooks.
That means actions and filters.
So we did that to instead of Pluton right here.
Well we don't have to install the Brillion But these Breanne is going to mean it's going to make this
easier to modify and understand the hooks better.
So what do you think are simple show hooks
and is going to be this one.
So let's use this theme and activate it team so you can see and start it.
So that's really all right here.
And you will find any with them raking in some bushel hooks you can see how we can show actual cubes.
And that's what we capture action show action and feed hooks.
First when I started working.
We show actual cooks who are going to click here.
And you can see a bunch of different cooks available.
So you're seeing this for example and you can see this one that looks with a darker green.
If I look over here you can see we have priority and at the bottom is the name of the function.
So in this case for example this highest priority then not only has one function attach but you will
find some of then with several functions.
So for example this one this single Prolog's summary you can see that it contains a bunch of different
hooks attach so you can see a priority 5 probably read 10 20 30 40 50 and 60.
So let's play with these what we're doing here is to rearrange the price we're going to add this price
on the top.
So it's going to be priced then the name of the brother.
And what we're going to see is global commerce single pro Samadi so you can copy the.
And we can stop them shall we.
So that's a big break in what are going up in the fortunes that BHP are going to pick up in the BHP
that it's really important that you only go up and BHP tax you don't have to close that BHP that's right
now.
So what kind of move action.
This is the way that you work with these hooks.
So you can see it right here with Gomer's single comer's underscores single on the score Ruddock's summary
then we're going out of a coma.
And again I'm going to show actual Cookes because I forgot and right here you can see that we have this
price.
I'm I'm pretty sure that this is the fortune that Princie that price.
So we're going to copy these
and we're going to.
These are more action than we have with the new Coke and then we're going to go out.
Went of them.
These cases will combers template single price and what Gone going to the movies.
So relo and we're going to stop showing Hooke's.
You can see the red it remove action then we'll commit a single probe to the summary the section rates
and then we add it and then we remove the single price so you can see now that price is gone solutio
to that of these Let's have something like an action what are going to be these end page rates you.
So for example one really important thing here is to show actual cooks for example on the products tomorrow
you can see it will have priority five 10 20 30 40 50 60.
The key here is for example the low and the low is the number in the priority is the content is going
to be printed fears so.
So for example the title you can see we have computers here on the top and you can see contains a priority
of fight so we can play with those values.
For example it's an action right here and we're going to copy these thing where that command so we can
add the commanders Singler Bryce and then you can a parameter.
So for example if it went up bring the price before that died or you can either number between 1 and
5 Any number that is lower than 5.
We'll bring the price about the title.
So we're going out for a few.
So now we can go over here and stop showing kooks.
Now you can see we have the price and then we have the title and you can see it will come from the team
and went up in the simple and it's going to be right here.
We need to remove that within the.
So now you can see we have that price and then we have the title.
So let's continue playing with these.
For example if I remember this Comcast is priority five.
If we have priority six
again and when I show actual kooks again.
So for example the next one
These are two cards on the priority 30.
So we're going at something like 85 and then stop showing Hawkster here and you can see that now the
price is going to be printed below the the cap and you can see right here.
So once you find your way with these hooks it's going to be really really powerful in a really easy
way to customize your wool combers website.
So next we're going to click on shop.
You can see at the moment we're printing five products.
That's the same amount of brokes that we have.
Or brokes that.
So you can see for your panel brokes you can see we only have five but let's say that you went to a
show on the three brothers page.
So what are going to add a field there.
So I do another fun show on fears.
So what going to watch on Fuse brokes ph and then we're going up past brokes and then I feel that I
feel that and this is going to run on the Lou underscore shop on this Corbat page knowing what are going
to copy these function and what are going to set up priority of 20 by the fall.
This is probably not then and since we are right in that we need to either priority higher than the
default which is then.
So we're going to have brokes equals to let's say that we went to bring only three and then we were
at the pros.
So we're changing.
And Robert riving these new shop are page and we're telling hey we want to put in only three brokes
in order to win that battle.
So really all right here and there you can see that we have three and we have these pagination.
You can be here and this is going to bring the rest of the products.
So this is how you can work with actions and feel they're seeing all comers.
So maybe you are asking how is possible.
How is possible that you know that this is working.
Shopper page Well fears you cannot always the simple show cooks and show action and filters but all
of these facts are available in the docks of Gomer's.
My goal with this course is to show you how to customize your restore and how to work with these field
there's templates in.
And by the end of the cores we'll have better on this.
Understanding how these works you can customize completely an online store in the next video Sangli
not show you a lot of customization that you can make using these three different techniques.
So hopefully you learn everything that you need to know about filters there's templates and Seus.